# Data-Science-Video-games-sales-dataset
EDA and Visualization based on a video game sales dataset

The aim of the project was to design an EDA and visualization based on the video game sales dataset

This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com.

Fields include:

Rank - Ranking of overall sales

Name - The games name

Platform - Platform of the games release (i.e. PC,PS4, etc.)

Year - Year of the game's release

Genre - Genre of the game

Publisher - Publisher of the game

NA_Sales - Sales in North America (in millions)

EU_Sales - Sales in Europe (in millions)

JP_Sales - Sales in Japan (in millions)

Other_Sales - Sales in the rest of the world (in millions)

Global_Sales - Total worldwide sales.


The script to scrape the data is available at https://github.com/GregorUT/vgchartzScrape.
It is based on BeautifulSoup using Python.
There are 16,598 records. 2 records were dropped due to incomplete information.

I use this project to bench mark my data analysis skills in python, EDA ,pandas and plotly libraries and data visualization libraries
This forms part of my data science bootcamp with Hiperion Dev.

My project includes:

1. jupyter notebook for my analysis code
2. Dataset used
3. report on my findings 

Usage:

1. Download the code in a zip folder
2. unzip and save the notebook and dataset in one directory
3. run jupyter notebook ( if already installed)
4. use the report for summary of my findings after analysis


Remarks!

I hope you find the source code useful and be sure to leave a star if you have learned something or found it interesting. Thank You
